PERF speedup classification_report by attaching unique values to dtype.metadata (#29738)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.6.rst

  :pr:`29210` by :user:`Marc Torrellas Socastro <marctorsoc>` and
  :user:`Stefanie Senger <StefanieSenger>`.

> - |Efficiency| :func:`sklearn.metrics.classification_report` is not faster.

Reviewer: I hope it is ;)

```suggestion
- |Efficiency| :func:`sklearn.metrics.classification_report` is now faster by caching
  classification labels.
```
